.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH SCAN_COMMONS 1 "August 1996" Linux "ForUtil Fortran Tools"
.SH NAME 
scan_commons \- create a fortran f77 commons database.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B scan_commons [-afhqrsv] 
.BI \-E ext
.BI \-I dir
.BI \-d database
.BI \-x name
.B [files]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B scan_commons 
builds a database from the contents of common blocks or variable 
declarations. 
.B scan_commons
is intended to work with f77 include files containing common blocks
and global variable declarations, but can works with f77 source files. 

The following variable declarations are recognized:
.B CHARACTER, COMMON, COMPLEX, DOUBLE PRECISION, INTEGER, LOGICAL, PARAMETER
and 
.B REAL.

The generated database can subsequently be used
for a quick lookup using
.BR get_common (1)
to see in which f77 include file a certain common variable is defined. 

.B scan_commons
uses the GNU database manager gdbm for 
storing, checking and retrieving items in the database. 

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B "\-a"
Add duplicate commons if they are defined in different 
include files. If you choose not to use this flag, duplicate 
commons defined in different f77 include files will not be 
stored in the generated database.

.TP
.B "\-f"
Store filenames only. The default is to store path and 
filename.  Use this option to preserve diskspace (or memory 
if you are running this tool under MS-DOS).

.TP
.B "\-h, \-\-help"
gives a short overview of every option.

.TP
.B "\-q"
be really quiet. This will only print fatal errors on stderr.
Usefull if called from a script.

.TP
.B "\-r"
re-organize the database after creation/updating. 
This may take a long time since the old database will be read, 
sorted and written again. This option can be used standalone.

.TP
.B "\-s"
safe operation: every time a common is found the database 
will be updated immediatly. Using this option can slow the 
generation or update of a database seriously down since no 
caching will done. 

.TP
.B "\-v"
Be verbose. 
.B scan_commons
will print out a list of directories 
to visit, what extensions it is using, the number of files 
it has to scan, a complete list of all files to scan and a 
status report of every file scanned.
The output of these statistics is as follows:

.RS
Statistics for file foo.inc (9/67)
.RS
.RE
commons found      : 16
.RS
The total number of commons found in foo.inc
.RE
duplicate commons  : 3
.RS
The total number of duplicate commons found 
in foo.inc. These duplicates can be found in 
another include file.
.RE
commons rejected   : 0
.RS
Number of commons rejected. This number can 
be different from 0 if you are performing 
an update of a database.
.RE
commons accepted   : 19
.RS
Total number of commons accepted for storage.
.RE
commons stored     : 19
.RS
Total number of commons actually stored.
.RE
.RE

.TP
.B "\-\-version"
Shows the version number of 
.B scan_commons
.

.TP
.BI \-E ext
Extensions 
.B scan_commons 
must use to determine which files it 
has to scan. Up to eight -E are allowed. 
Use 
.I \-E\- 
to specify no extension.
The default extension is the empty extension.

.TP
.BI \-I dir
Using this option tells 
.B scan_commons 
which directories it has
to search for f77 files containing common blocks. Only the 
contents of that directory are scanned. Subdirectories are 
ignored. 
Up to 64 -I are allowed.

.TP
.BI \-d database
Name of the database to create or update. If no database is 
specified, 
.B scan_commons 
looks at the value of the environment
variable 
.B "COMMON_DATABASE"
If this variable points to a 
database, that database will be used.

.TP
.BI \-x name
Tells 
.B scan_commons 
to exclude the named file when scanning 
the files found with the 
.I "\-I \-E" 
options. Up to 64 -x are allowed.

.TP
.B "[files]"
Additional files to scan for common blocks

.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The following warning messages can occur:
.TP
.B Warning: intended comment found
scan_commons has detected a comment (a line beginning with a *, c or C)
which does not start at the beginning of a line but before the seventh column. 
.TP
.B Warning: more than 19 continuation lines near line XX
scan_commons has detected more than 19 successive continuation lines. XX 
indicates near what line this occurs.
.TP
.B Parse Error: unbalanced brace or delimiter
a unbalanced brace or delimiter has been detected. When this happens,
.B scan_commons
will tell you near what line this error occured. This is a non-fatal error.
.TP
.B Internal Parse Error: Invalid token range
.TP
.B Internal Parse Error: Failed to remove common keywords
These are internal parser errors, which will most likely never be generated.
If these occur, please contact the author. These errors are fatal.

.SH COMPATIBILITY
The generated database can be shared without problems on different 32bit
systems, but you can not access a database generated on a 32bit system from
a 16 or 64 bit system. 

The MS-DOS versions have been built with flex 2.53 (no changes
to the source code) and gdbm 1.7.3, which required some work to
get it working under MS-DOS. 

.B scan_commons 
has run under HP-UX 9 and 10, SGI IRIX 5.2 & 5.3, DEC OSF1, 
SunOs 4.1 and 4.3, Cray Unicos, IBM AIX 3.2 & 4.1, Linux and MSDOS 6.2. 
.B scan_commons 
also runs in a dos box under Windows 3.1, 3.11 and Win95.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B "COMMON_DATABASE"
Points to the location of a common database. This environment
variable is only used if the 
.BI \-d database
option is not given.

.SH DISTRIBUTION POLICY
All utilities in this fortran utility suite are distributed under
the GNU Public License.

.SH BUGS
A known bug is a malloc failure when updating a large database under MS-DOS.
This is a gdbm-related failure, and the only solution is to create several,
smaller, databases.

If a bug occurs, it will most likely be generated by the MS-DOS
versions of these tools. This will be mainly due to the 640kb 
memory limit MS-DOS has.

If you think you have found a bug, you can send email to the author,
describing what the bug is, how you generated it and if you can
reproduce it. Also specify the platform where this bug occured.

.SH AUTHOR
.RS
.RE
Koen D'Hondt
.RS
.RE
ripley@xs4all.nl
.RS
.RE
(C)Copyright 1995-1996 by Ripley Software Development
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR get_common (1), 
.BR list_commons (1),
.BR fflow (1),
.BR ffscan (1),
.BR ftags (1)
