.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH FFSCAN 1 "August 1996" Linux "ForUtil Fortran Tools"
.SH NAME
ffscan \- checks argument count for fortran f77 files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ffscan [-fhnqv] 
.BI \-E ext 
.BI \-I dir 
.BI \-o file
.BI \-x name
.B [files]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ffscan
scans a collection of fortran files and checks the argument
counts of every call made against its definition.
When a mismatch occurs, 
.B ffscan 
will tell you in which file this
particular call is made, and it will also tell what the correct number
of arguments should be, together with the name of the file where
the subroutine in question can be found. 
.B ffscan 
does not do any type checking
on the arguments, it simply counts them.
	
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B "\-f"
Include the full path of files in the output. The default is
to print the name of the file only. Using this option increases the 
memory 
.B ffscan 
uses to store its data, so it might be unwise to 
use this option on msdos systems with their 640kb memory limit.

.TP
.B "\-h, \-\-help"	
print a short help describing the options.

.TP
.B "\-n, \-n\-"
Using this option will cause 
.B ffscan
to tell what subroutines are
never invoked. 

.TP
.B "\-q"
be really quiet (usefull if called from a script). Only 
error messages and the final results will be shown.

.TP
.B "\-v"
Be verbose. Adding more -v to the command line will increase the output
.B ffscan 
will generate. 

Using 
.B -v
will show some statistics of the files being scanned such as the number 
of subroutines and functions defined in a file and the number of calls made. 
If you use the 
.BI \-o file
option, these statistics will also be placed in 
.I file

Using 
.B -vv
will, in addition to the output mentioned above, cause 
.B ffscan 
to report all settings it is using to determine what files it has to scan.

When you use
.B -vvv
.B ffscan 
will tell you what it is scanning from your
files, this in addition to the output mentioned above. 
For each subroutine, function or call it encounters, 
.B ffscan 
will tell
you what the name of that routine is and the arguments detected. It will also
tell you how many arguments there are. A number called brace count is also
shown. This number should always be zero. Using this option can generate a
considerable amount of output, so you might wish to pipe it to a file.

At the end of a run 
.B ffscan
will also give a count for the total number of subroutines and functions found.

.TP
.B "\-\-version"
Show the version number of 
.B ffscan
.

.TP
.BI \-E ext
Extensions 
.B ffscan 
must use to determine which files it 
has to scan. Up to eight -E are allowed. 
The default extension is .f

.TP
.BI \-I dir
Using this option tells 
.B ffscan 
which directories it has
to search for f77 files. Only the contents of that 
directory are scanned. Subdirectories are ignored. 
Up to 64 -I are allowed.

.TP
.BI \-o file
file in which to store the results of the scan. The default is stdout.

.TP
.BI \-x name
Tells 
.B ffscan 
to exclude the named file when scanning 
the files found with the 
.B "\-I \-E"
options. 
Up to 64 -x are allowed.

.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The following warning messages can occur:
.TP
.B WARNING: unbalanced right brace
.TP
.B WARNING: unbalanced left brace
When one of these warnings occur, you have a brace to many or a missing brace 
in the argument list of a subroutine or function definition or in the argument
list of a call. 
.TP
.B WARNING: more than 19 contination lines
.B ffscan 
has detected more than 19 successive continuation lines in a argument
declaration.
.TP
.B WARNING: no program entry point found
a call statement was encountered before a PROGRAM statement was found. 
.B ffscan
will use the name of the file where this warning occurs as a program name
and continue.

.RS
.RE
.B ffscan 
will always tell you in which file and around what line 
these warnings occur.

.SH DISTRIBUTION POLICY
All utilities in this fortran utility suite are distributed under
the GNU Public License.

.SH COMPATIBILITY
.B ffscan 
has run under HP-UX 9 and 10, SGI IRIX 5.2 & 5.3, DEC OSF1, SunOs 4.1
and 4.3, Cray Unicos, IBM AIX 3.2 & 4.1, Linux and MSDOS 6.2. 
.B ffscan 
also runs in a dos box under Windows 3.1, 3.11 and Win95.

.SH SHORTCOMINGS
Currently, 
.B ffscan 
only looks at CALL, so although FUNCTION is found,
these are not checked.

.SH BUGS
The MS-DOS versions of these tools can cause problems under MS-DOS if
you feed them with a large collection of files, few files with a lot
of calls or a combination of both. This is totally due to the 640kb memory
limit MS-DOS has. 

If you think you have found a bug, you can send email to the author,
describing what the bug is, how you generated it and if you can
reproduce it. Also specify the platform where this bug occured.

.SH AUTHOR
.RS
.RE
Koen D'Hondt
.RS
.RE
ripley@xs4all.nl
.RS
.RE
(C)Copyright 1995-1996 by Ripley Software Development
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR fflow (1),
.BR ftags (1), 
.BR scan_commons (1), 
.BR get_common (1), 
.BR list_commons (1)

